# May 2025 Portfolio
This is the code for my portfolio, showcasing my projects and background. This is actually the second portfolio I have built. My first portfolio I created and deployed in November of 2024. You can view the code for it [here](https://github.com/davenpos/November-2024-Portfolio). That portfolio was up for about six months before I eventually took it down and deployed my new one, which you can view live [here](https://www.simeondavenport.com/).

## Background
There are quite a few differences between these two portfolios. Firstly, instead of designing my portfolio from the ground up, I used a design generated by an AI chatbot and adapted it. This saved me a lot of time, and simply meant copying and pasting HTML code, adapting it to JSX and making other various changes as I saw fit. Some of these changes included using React Icons and adding an overlay for projects, that would contain a more detailed description of the project clicked on. I also added other cool features such as the overlay zooming in and out and having an animated wiping underline when hovering over a project name. Additionally, my new portfolio is deployed with Vercel whereas my old portfolio was deployed with Render. My old portfolio spun down with activity due to using Render's free service. Additionally, it also utilized a Strapi backend with a database deployed on Neon, which also very likely contributed to my portfolio's slow speed. But Vercel was much faster and it was surprisingly very easy to deploy once I connected the GitHub portfolio to my newly-created Vercel account. Later, I bought a custom domain on Vercel so that the link would be www.simeondavenport.com instead of simeon-davenport-portfolio.vercel.app. The latter link does still work and redirects to my portfolio, but the URL now looks better and more professional.

## Conclusion
Making a new portfolio was something I had considered doing for awhile. I had received quite a lot of feedback on my original portfolio, including from a colleague of mine at PROJXON. I kept his advice in mind when creating my portfolio, including having my portfolio be only one page long and using a deployment service besides Render to speed things up. I will be sure to use Vercel for any future Next.js deployments I make. If you have any feedback on my portfolio or simply want to get in touch with me, you can reach out to me at simmywim@hotmail.com. I look forward to any future opportunities and I hope my new portfolio will be a stepping stone to such.
